Minor changes to chapter 4 (#946)
browserengineering/book: book/html.md

        self.parent = parent
```

> I added a `children` field to both `Text` and `Element`, even though

Reviewer: Why did you remove this and the footnote above?

Author: Uhh, I meant to remove exactly one.

::: {.further}
The ill-considered Javascript `document.write` method allows
Javascript to modify the HTML source code while it's being parsed!
This is actually a [bad idea][document-write-bad]. A naive
implementation of `document.write` would have the HTML parser stop to

> execute JavaScript, but that would be very slow. In fact, modern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execute JavaScript, but that would slow down loading of images, JavaScript and so on referenced later in the page. In fact, modern
```

browsers use [speculative][speculative-parsing] parsing to make this

> fast and avoid evaluating Javascript while parsing.

Reviewer: "
```suggestion
fast.
```

This phrase is not accurate / meaningless..

Reviewer: In general the parser does actually stop for all scripts. The speculative parser is just to find subresources to load faster.

Javascript to modify the HTML source code while it's being parsed!

> This is actually a [bad idea][document-write-bad]. A naive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is actually a [bad idea][document-write-bad].
```

> implementation of `document.write` would have the HTML parser stop to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation of `document.write` must have the HTML parser stop to
```
